com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/models/Information.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.Information
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/DoctorInfoActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorInfoActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorInfoActivity$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorInfoActivity$2
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorInfoActivity$3
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorInfoActivity$4
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/Pharmacydetail.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.Pharmacydetail
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/models/Doctor.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.Doctor
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/adapter/DoctorsAdapter.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DoctorsAdapter
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DoctorsAdapter$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DoctorsAdapter$BinginHolder
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/MainActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.MainActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.MainActivity$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.MainActivity$2
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/models/Drug.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.Drug
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivitySignInBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivitySignInBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/PharmacyActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.PharmacyActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.PharmacyActivity$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.PharmacyActivity$LocationBroadcastReceiver
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/BuildConfig.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.BuildConfig
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/DoctormodelBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.DoctormodelBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/LocationService.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.LocationService
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.LocationService$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/adapter/DrugAdapter.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DrugAdapter
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DrugAdapter$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.DrugAdapter$drugViewHolder
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivityDoctorInfoBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivityDoctorInfoBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/InfoModelBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.InfoModelBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/SignInActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SignInActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SignInActivity$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/DoctorActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$2
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$3
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$4
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$5
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorActivity$6
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/helpers/DB_Util.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.DB_Util
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.DB_Util$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.DB_Util$1$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.DB_Util$1$2
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivityDoctorBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivityDoctorBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/ProfileDoctor.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.ProfileDoctor
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/models/User.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.User
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/adapter/InfoAdapter.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.InfoAdapter
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.adapter.InfoAdapter$BinginHolder
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivityDoctorProfileBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivityDoctorProfileBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/Home.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.Home
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.Home$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivitySearchDoctorBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivitySearchDoctorBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/DoctorProfile.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorProfile
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.DoctorProfile$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/SplashActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SplashActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SplashActivity$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/SignUpActivity.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SignUpActivity
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SignUpActivity$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/models/Doctors.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.Doctors
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.models.Doctors$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/ui/SearchDoctor.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$2
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$2$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$3
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$4
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$5
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$6
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$7
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.ui.SearchDoctor$8
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/helpers/AlertDialogHelper.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.AlertDialogHelper
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.AlertDialogHelper$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.AlertDialogHelper$1$1
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/databinding/DoctorsModelBinding.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.databinding.DoctorsModelBinding
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/helpers/FacebookLoginUtil.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.FacebookLoginUtil
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.FacebookLoginUtil$1
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.FacebookLoginUtil$2
com/africahealthlinkapp/e_treat/helpers/GoogleLoginUtil.java
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.GoogleLoginUtil
 com.africahealthlinkapp.e_treat.helpers.GoogleLoginUtil$1
